hugo new words/d/decimate.md
hugo new words/d/devolve.md
hugo new words/d/diatribe.md
hugo new words/d/didactic.md

hugo new words/e/exculpate.md
hugo new words/e/eccentric.md
hugo new words/e/eclectic.md
hugo new words/e/elixir.md
hugo new words/e/encumber.md
hugo new words/e/enigma.md
hugo new words/e/eschew.md
hugo new words/e/eulogy.md
hugo new words/e/exigency.md
hugo new words/e/extol.md
hugo new words/e/effulgent.md
hugo new words/e/emollient.md
hugo new words/e/enormity.md
hugo new words/e/espouse.md
hugo new words/e/extricate.md
hugo new words/e/ebullient.md
hugo new words/e/enervate.md
hugo new words/e/enjoin.md
hugo new words/e/enunciate.md
hugo new words/e/ephemeral.md
hugo new words/e/epitaph.md
